Update API Docs with information about default_sort_order field (#5488)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/Channel.md

| applied_tags?                       | array of snowflakes                                                         | the IDs of the set of tags that have been applied to a thread in a `GUILD_FORUM` channel                                                                                                      |
| default_reaction_emoji?             | ?[default reaction](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/default-reaction-object) object | the emoji to show in the add reaction button on a thread in a `GUILD_FORUM` channel                                                                                                           |
| default_thread_rate_limit_per_user? | integer                                                                     | the initial `rate_limit_per_user` to set on newly created threads in a channel. this field is copied to the thread at creation time and does not live update.                                 |

> | default_sort_order?                 | ?integer                                                                    | (#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/channel-object-sort-order-types) used to order posts in `GUILD_FORUM` channels. Defaults to `null`, which indicates a preferred sort order hasn't been set by a channel admin  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| default_sort_order?                 | ?integer                                                                    | the [default sort order type](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/channel-object-sort-order-types) used to order posts in `GUILD_FORUM` channels. Defaults to `null`, which indicates a preferred sort order hasn't been set by a channel admin  |
```

Reviewer: oops i think this got taken away somehow

Author: added

| applied_tags?                       | array of snowflakes                                                         | the IDs of the set of tags that have been applied to a thread in a `GUILD_FORUM` channel                                                                                                      |
| default_reaction_emoji?             | ?[default reaction](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/default-reaction-object) object | the emoji to show in the add reaction button on a thread in a `GUILD_FORUM` channel                                                                                                           |
| default_thread_rate_limit_per_user? | integer                                                                     | the initial `rate_limit_per_user` to set on newly created threads in a channel. this field is copied to the thread at creation time and does not live update.                                 |

> | default_sort_order?\*\*\*           | ?integer                                                                    | (#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/channel-object-sort-order-types) used to order posts in `GUILD_FORUM` channels. If `null`, then no default has been specified by channel admin                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| default_sort_order?\*\*\*           | ?integer                                                                    | (#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/channel-object-sort-order-types) used to order posts in `GUILD_FORUM` channels. Defaults to `null`, which indicates a preferred sort order hasn't been set by a channel admin                       |
```

\* `rate_limit_per_user` also applies to thread creation. Users can send one message and create one thread during each `rate_limit_per_user` interval.
\*\* For threads created before July 1, 2022, the message count is inaccurate when it's greater than 50.

> \*\*\* `default_sort_order` is `null` by default for all new and existing `GUILD_FORUM` channels. This is intended to highlight that admins have not specified a preferred sort ordering for a channel.

Reviewer: I think this can be removed, and just be incorporated into the field's description (adding defaults to null)

Author: removed
